OK, so let's go ahead and implement our log in screen UI.
All right, we're going to keep this for a little bit because we're going to use it actually in our
UI.
So first of all, at the top here, we're going to put a box so that we can overlap several elements
and we're going to have a modifier modifier, dot filled max size.
All right.
Inside, we're going to have a column.
So it's going to be quite similar in layout to our sign up screen, except we're going to have fewer,
you know, boxes where you can.
We don't need the I think we don't need the username, but we still need the email and password.
So for the column, I'm going to have a modifier equals modifier dot fill max width, OK?
We're going to have dot rep content size.
Still in the modifier, though.
Dot rap content size.
Sorry, rap content, height and dot, vertical scroll.
Remember?
Scroll states, OK, so that will basically allow us to scroll when the keyboard is visible on the screen.
Now we're going to declare two states so valid email states is going to meet, going to be remember.
And here we have mutable state of.
And we have a text field value.
OK.
So that is our email state.
Let's duplicate that and I'm going to have a pass state, OK, so we just need email and password.
We don't need the username.
Now here at the top, of course, we're going to add the image.
And painter resource.
Of are now make sure you enable you import the correct answer for me, it's going to be this one, so
the package name has to correspond to your application.
OK, here you will find it at the top are Dot Draw Bowl Dot IG logo with a content description of No.
And we can add our modifier equals modifier dot.
Now, Dot with.
Is going to be 250 dug deep.
We're going to have padding is going to be top equals 16 deep.
And we're going to have a regular putting of hate.
So the only the top banning is different, the rest is the same.
All right.
So let's go ahead and add a text outside of the image.
The text is going to be logging, and however, we're going to have modifier.
Equals modifier dot padding of eight dpi.
OK, what else do we need, we need a font size.
Of 30, don't speak.
And we will need a let's import DSP.
And we will need font family.
Font family thought serif.
OK, we have our text, so we need to text fields.
I'm going to actually copy those to text fields from the sign up screen.
I'm going to copy the text fields, email and password, so copy those.
All right.
And I think those are the same, those are exactly the same because it's just email and password.
And finally, we're going to need a button.
So sign up screen button.
I think that is exactly the same as well.
So.
Copy the button and we're going to paste it here, but we're going to remove the on click functionality.
OK.
For that, of course, we will need to contact the view model and call a different method.
The name here is going to be the text here is going to be different.
This is going to be logging.
One thing I forgot in sign up screen as well is I would like to when when we click the button, I would
like to dismiss the keyboard.
OK, so for that, we need to add at the top here we need to add a valve.
Focus equals local focus manager Dot current.
And we're going to use this focus to dismiss the keyboard.
OK, so down below in the button in on click, we're going to see focus, dot, clear focus and force.
Equals true, and I'm just going to copy this one and paste that in the on click here as well.
OK.
And of course, we need the focus in that that file as well.
All right.
So let's add the value here.
Focus and then we have our focus in on quick and the same for here.
We have our button now after the button.
We need to add this text value here, so I'm going to copy it or cut it rather and paste it here.
Format, the code.
All right, so we have our go to sign up text field and I'm getting an error.
Why is that?
All right.
So I forgot the closing brackets, OK?
And of course, we need the spinners.
So I'm just going to copy the spinner from here, from the sign up screen and place it in the log in.
However, I'm just going to place it inside the box, but outside the column.
OK, so column is going to be here, but inside the box.
So make sure you place it in the right place.
And I think that is all for the logging UI.
Let's run the code and see if we get the desired screen so we can move between the two screens.
Of course.
All right, so I am in the sign up screen and I can go to logging.
And obviously, I am missing something here.
I forgot the horizontal alignment for the column.
So here after the modifier, I'm going to say horizontal alignment, alignment, dart center horizontally.
Let's run that again.
OK, I'm in the sign up, I go to log in.
OK, let's test the keyboard functionality.
If I click log in, the focus goes away and the same for sign up.
If I click the button, keyboard goes away.
Of course, there is an issue here because we haven't entered any any information in those fields,
so we're going to focus.
We're going to solve that later on.
But for now, I think the log in screen is fine.
The UI is correct and we're going to focus on implementing the functionality, which is going to be
inside the view model on log in function to sign in a user that already exists.